Print it out first and see if you need to modify it today.
Are you still working overtime? What’s wrong with you?
I came to get a file, and I happened to see you here.
I am dead. You are designing the next new creature for Christ.
That’s right, I didn’t even consider the positive effects.
Add new walls. If your design is adopted,
I would consider giving you a full head start. A good call.
There is no bus at this time, so I sent it.
Thank you for sending it home. that,
I was just joking when I said something bad about you.
Don't forget. It doesn't matter,
New creatures have been placed. So,
You should work harder. Become a regular employee soon,
Personal stylist preparing for pre-assignment. I ask you, you ask me
Send me body stickers, I ask you, you ask me to walk